Windows/README.md, before:

# Dotfiles (supposed) for My Windows Development Environments
<!-- TODO: Clean it up & organize details properly. -->
This directory holds all the scripts, configurations, among other stuff required to setup my development environment on a Windows machine. The directory as of the latest commit, contains configurations for the following software(s) among other stuff like font(s).

- [Windows Terminal][Windows Terminal] (depecrated in favour of Alacritty)
- [Neovim][Neovim] (depecrated in favour of Vim)
- [Fira Code Nerd Font][Fira Code Nerd Font]
- [PowerShell Core][PowerShell Core]
- [Valve Steam][Steam]
- [Visual Studio Code][VSCode]
- [Alacritty][Alacritty]
- [Transmission Bit Torrent Client][Transmission]
- [VLC Media Player][VLC]
- [Python Programming Language][Python]
- [ShareX][ShareX]
- [Google Backup & Sync][Google Backup & Sync]
- [Docker][Docker]

## Setup Instructions

As of right now, you'll need to install each group of stuff through seperate scripts (_I plan on automating them at some point of time_). So, to install the [Fira Code Nerd Font][Fira Code Nerd Font], execute the `.\Dotfiles\Windows\Install-Font` script.

**DO NOTE:** The `Install-Font.ps1` script is still work-in-progress. **DO NOT use it yet!**

As for the rest of the software, execute the `.\Dotfiles\Windows\Instal-Software` script. You can find more information on what each of those software does.

**DO NOTE:** The `Install-Software.ps1` script is still work-in-progress & is subject to change, but can be used. So, before executing it, its **RECOMMENDED** you read through it first.

### Windows Terminal

The new Windows Terminal from Microsoft is highly customizable. To read more about it, check the article - [Customizing the New Windows Terminal: A Minimalist Approach][Blog Post]. To make your Windows Terminal similar to how it's described in the article, copy the contents of [dotfiles/Windows/Windows Terminal/settings.json][Windows Terminal Config File] to `$env:LOCALAPPDATA\Packages\Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocaState\`.

You can find more information about customizing your Windows Terminal in this article - [Enhance Your Console Experience With Windows Terminal][Reference Article].

### Neovim

While it's possible to use the original `vim` on Windows with `gvim` but [Neovim][Neovim Homepage] is a much better alternative with it's preconfigured sensible configurations. It's usable pretty much out-of-the-box without any need for configuring.

The configurations for my Neovim is available under this path: [dotfiles/Windows/Neovim/init.vim][My Neovim Config File]. At it's current condition it's heavily a WIP file which is why it's void of any content. Regardless of it, rest assured, Neovim is **VERY** usable without any configurations out-of-the-box.

As for where to copy the configuration to. You can copy the contents of my `init.vim` under your `$env:LOCALAPPDATA\nvim\init.vim`. Then ensure to reload `nvim` on your preferred terminal.

### PowerShell Code

The open-source cross-platform version of Microsoft's PowerShell. More information is available at: [github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell][PowerShell Core].

### Steam

To satisfy an individual's gaming needs. More information is available at: [store.steampowered.com][Valve Steam].

### Visual Studio Code

The open-source code editor provided by Microsoft. More information is available at: [code.visualstudio.com][VSCode]

### Alacritty

The cross-platform & fastest terminal emulator need it especially for Vim. More information is available at: [github.com/alacritty/alacritty]

### Transmission Bit Torrent Client

A cross-platform & open-source Bittorent client. More information is available at: [transmissionbt.org][Transmission].

### VLC Media Player

VLC Media Player to watch movies & shit. More information is available at: [www.videolan.org][VLC].

### Python Programming Language

The Python programming language for all coding & scripting needs. More information is avaialble at: [www.python.org][Python]

### ShareX

Cross-platform & open-source software for screen capture, file-sharing & productivity tool. More information is available at: [getsharex.com][ShareX]. A more light-weight & simple alternative might be better fit for my use-case.

### Google Backup & Sync

For backing up stuffs to Google Drive from the local drive storage automatically. More information is available at [www.google.com/drive/download][Google Backup & Sync].

### Docker

Installing Docker on Windows 10 can be a bit finicky. For one it appears to be very closely knitted with WSL for smoother operation. But making it work natively requires Hyper-V.
Following are some observations I made to make it work:

- Docker is available on Winget which means it's install can be automated. But
  for one thing, the file size appears to be about 525 mb!
- Hyper-V needs to be enabled. There's a PowerShell command to automate it:
  `Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -Online -FeatureName Microsoft-Hyper-V -All`
but it asks for a restart which needs to be confirmed by the user.
- The user confirmation prompt needs to be automated at some point of time.

<!-- Reference Links -->
[Windows Terminal]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Windows/Windows%20Terminal
[Neovim]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Windows/nvim
[Blog Post]: https:jarmos.netlify.app/customizing-windows-terminal-a-minimalist-approach
[Windows Terminal Config File]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Windows/Windows%20Terminal/settings.json
[Reference Article]: https://adamtheautomator.com/new-windows-terminal
[Neovim Homepage]: https://adamtheautomator.com/new-windows-terminal
[My Neovim Config File]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Neovim/init.vim
[Fira Code Nerd Font]: https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/tree/master/patched-fonts/FiraCode
[PowerShell Core]: https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell
[Valve Steam]: https://store.steampowered.com/
[VSCode]: https://code.visualstudio.com/
[Alacritty]: https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty
[Transmission]: https://transmissionbt.com/
[VLC]: https://www.videolan.org/
[Python]: https://www.python.org/
[ShareX]: https://getsharex.com/
[Google Backup & Sync]: https://www.google.com/drive/download/
[Docker]: https://www.docker.com/

Commit message:

:pencil: Add documentation link to Hyper-V docs

Windows/README.md, after:

# Dotfiles (supposed) for My Windows Development Environments
<!-- TODO: Clean it up & organize details properly. -->
This directory holds all the scripts, configurations, among other stuff required to setup my development environment on a Windows machine. The directory as of the latest commit, contains configurations for the following software(s) among other stuff like font(s).

- [Windows Terminal][Windows Terminal] (depecrated in favour of Alacritty)
- [Neovim][Neovim] (depecrated in favour of Vim)
- [Fira Code Nerd Font][Fira Code Nerd Font]
- [PowerShell Core][PowerShell Core]
- [Valve Steam][Steam]
- [Visual Studio Code][VSCode]
- [Alacritty][Alacritty]
- [Transmission Bit Torrent Client][Transmission]
- [VLC Media Player][VLC]
- [Python Programming Language][Python]
- [ShareX][ShareX]
- [Google Backup & Sync][Google Backup & Sync]
- [Docker][Docker]

## Setup Instructions

As of right now, you'll need to install each group of stuff through seperate scripts (_I plan on automating them at some point of time_). So, to install the [Fira Code Nerd Font][Fira Code Nerd Font], execute the `.\Dotfiles\Windows\Install-Font` script.

**DO NOTE:** The `Install-Font.ps1` script is still work-in-progress. **DO NOT use it yet!**

As for the rest of the software, execute the `.\Dotfiles\Windows\Instal-Software` script. You can find more information on what each of those software does.

**DO NOTE:** The `Install-Software.ps1` script is still work-in-progress & is subject to change, but can be used. So, before executing it, its **RECOMMENDED** you read through it first.

### Windows Terminal

The new Windows Terminal from Microsoft is highly customizable. To read more about it, check the article - [Customizing the New Windows Terminal: A Minimalist Approach][Blog Post]. To make your Windows Terminal similar to how it's described in the article, copy the contents of [dotfiles/Windows/Windows Terminal/settings.json][Windows Terminal Config File] to `$env:LOCALAPPDATA\Packages\Microsoft.WindowsTerminal_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocaState\`.

You can find more information about customizing your Windows Terminal in this article - [Enhance Your Console Experience With Windows Terminal][Reference Article].

### Neovim

While it's possible to use the original `vim` on Windows with `gvim` but [Neovim][Neovim Homepage] is a much better alternative with it's preconfigured sensible configurations. It's usable pretty much out-of-the-box without any need for configuring.

The configurations for my Neovim is available under this path: [dotfiles/Windows/Neovim/init.vim][My Neovim Config File]. At it's current condition it's heavily a WIP file which is why it's void of any content. Regardless of it, rest assured, Neovim is **VERY** usable without any configurations out-of-the-box.

As for where to copy the configuration to. You can copy the contents of my `init.vim` under your `$env:LOCALAPPDATA\nvim\init.vim`. Then ensure to reload `nvim` on your preferred terminal.

### PowerShell Code

The open-source cross-platform version of Microsoft's PowerShell. More information is available at: [github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell][PowerShell Core].

### Steam

To satisfy an individual's gaming needs. More information is available at: [store.steampowered.com][Valve Steam].

### Visual Studio Code

The open-source code editor provided by Microsoft. More information is available at: [code.visualstudio.com][VSCode]

### Alacritty

The cross-platform & fastest terminal emulator need it especially for Vim. More information is available at: [github.com/alacritty/alacritty]

### Transmission Bit Torrent Client

A cross-platform & open-source Bittorent client. More information is available at: [transmissionbt.org][Transmission].

### VLC Media Player

VLC Media Player to watch movies & shit. More information is available at: [www.videolan.org][VLC].

### Python Programming Language

The Python programming language for all coding & scripting needs. More information is avaialble at: [www.python.org][Python]

### ShareX

Cross-platform & open-source software for screen capture, file-sharing & productivity tool. More information is available at: [getsharex.com][ShareX]. A more light-weight & simple alternative might be better fit for my use-case.

### Google Backup & Sync

For backing up stuffs to Google Drive from the local drive storage automatically. More information is available at [www.google.com/drive/download][Google Backup & Sync].

### Docker

Installing Docker on Windows 10 can be a bit finicky. For one it appears to be very closely knitted with WSL for smoother operation. But making it work natively requires Hyper-V.
Following are some observations I made to make it work:

- Docker is available on Winget which means it's install can be automated. But
  for one thing, the file size appears to be about 525 mb!
- Hyper-V needs to be enabled. There's a PowerShell command to automate it:
  `Enable-WindowsOptionalFeature -Online -FeatureName Microsoft-Hyper-V -All`
but it asks for a restart which needs to be confirmed by the user.
- The user confirmation prompt needs to be automated at some point of time.
- More information on enabling Hyper-V is available at: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/virtualization/hyper-v-on-windows/quick-start/enable-hyper-v

<!-- Reference Links -->
[Windows Terminal]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Windows/Windows%20Terminal
[Neovim]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Windows/nvim
[Blog Post]: https:jarmos.netlify.app/customizing-windows-terminal-a-minimalist-approach
[Windows Terminal Config File]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Windows/Windows%20Terminal/settings.json
[Reference Article]: https://adamtheautomator.com/new-windows-terminal
[Neovim Homepage]: https://adamtheautomator.com/new-windows-terminal
[My Neovim Config File]: https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles/tree/master/Neovim/init.vim
[Fira Code Nerd Font]: https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/tree/master/patched-fonts/FiraCode
[PowerShell Core]: https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell
[Valve Steam]: https://store.steampowered.com/
[VSCode]: https://code.visualstudio.com/
[Alacritty]: https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty
[Transmission]: https://transmissionbt.com/
[VLC]: https://www.videolan.org/
[Python]: https://www.python.org/
[ShareX]: https://getsharex.com/
[Google Backup & Sync]: https://www.google.com/drive/download/
[Docker]: https://www.docker.com/
