README.md, before:

# Jarmos's Dotfiles 

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Jarmos-san/dotfiles?label=Repo%20Size&logo=GitHub&style=flat-square) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Jarmos-san/dotfiles?label=License&logo=GitHub&style=flat-square) ![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Jarmosan?style=social)

This repository contains various "_dotfiles_" & other configuration files for my personal development needs. Following are a list of software I use regularly for all of my dev needs;

- Git
- Neovim
- VSCode
- Bat (a drop-in replacement for `cat`)
- Glow (a Markdown previewer for the TUI)
- Starship (a fast & customizable prompt)

Do note, the list of configuration is never-ending & is subject to change over time. It's **recommended** to not use the config files as is but take inspiration from & configure your own workflow.

For those of you who work from on Windows machine through some Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) instance, you should checkout my [dotfiles-windows](https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles-windows) repository. That repository contains more information on how to setup a Linux development environment on Windows 10 (and Windows 11 when it's available publicly).

## How to Use This Project

TODO: Detail steps to use the configurations

## Acknowledgements

The configurations I used are heavily inspired from other giants of the community. Following are some of the repositories I keep an eye out for inspiration.

- Salomon Popp's [disrupted/dotfiles](https://github.com/disrupted/dotfiles)
- Mathias Bynen's [mathiasbynens/dotfiles](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles)

More will be added as & when I come across any.

## Support the Project

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/jarmos)

If you found any of the dotfiles here helpful for your requirements in any way, consider supporting the project. And here's how you can do so:

- Contribute to documenting the project. That way you can ensure my personal dotfiles are accessible to everyone in the community. And you can help out someone who's facing issues configuring their software as well.
- Found some discrepancies here & there? Feel free to send a PR but do read the [contributing guidelines](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) thoroughly.
- Send a [token of appreciation](https://ko-fi.com/jarmos) or a [thank you message](https://saythanks.io/to/somraj.1994) stating how my project & resources helped you out.

## Terms & Conditions of Usage

Everything in this repository is licensed under the T&Cs of FOSS license. More specifically, the project is licensed under the T&Cs of GPL-3.0, so for more info on it, refer to the [LICENSE](./LICENSE). So feel free to copy & distribute any of the configurations I shared in this repository.

Commit message:

:pencil2: Add GNU Stow link to README

README.md, after:

# Jarmos's Dotfiles 

![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Jarmos-san/dotfiles?label=Repo%20Size&logo=GitHub&style=flat-square) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Jarmos-san/dotfiles?label=License&logo=GitHub&style=flat-square) ![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Jarmosan?style=social)

This repository contains various "_dotfiles_" & other configuration files for my personal development needs. Following are a list of software I use regularly for all of my dev needs;

- [Git](https://git-scm.com) (a version-controlled software to be used in tandem with GitHub0
- [Neovim](https://neovim.io) (a terminal-based Text Editor)
- [GNU Privacy Guard](https://gnupg.org) (`gpg` for signing `git` commits)
- [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com) (an optional GUI-based Text Editor for the rare times when Neovim isn't enough)
- [Bat](https://github.com/sharkdp/bat) (a drop-in replacement for `cat`)
    + [batman](https://github.com/eth-p/bat-extras/blob/master/doc/batman.md)
    + [batdiff](https://github.com/eth-p/bat-extras/blob/master/doc/batdiff.md)
    + [prettybat](https://github.com/eth-p/bat-extras/blob/master/doc/prettybat.md)
- [Glow](https://github.com/charmbracelet/glow) (a Markdown previewer for the TUI)
- [Starship](https://starship.rs) (a fast & customizable prompt)
- [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) (an alternative & better package manager for Linux & MacOS)
- [GitHub CLI](https://cli.github.com) (a CLI tool to manage GitHub from the terminal)
- [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) (a Static Site Generator used for my personal blog)
- [GNU Compiler Collection](https://gcc.gnu.org) (`gcc` required for compiling Treesitter parsers for `nvim-treesitter` plugin)
- [asdf-vm](http://asdf-vm.com) (a CLI tool for managing multiple runtime versions of the software I used regularly)
- [Python v3.x](https://www.python.org)
    + [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org) (a modern packaging tool for Python)
    + [Pipx](https://pypa.github.io/pipx) (a CLI tool to install Python CLI applications like `poetry`, `cookiecutter` & so on)
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org) (a programming language runtime which a lot of frontend libraries & frameworks depend on)
- [GNU Stow](https://www.gnu.org/software/stow) (yet another CLI tool to manage my dotfiles & configurations)

Do note, the list of configuration is never-ending & is subject to change over time. It's **recommended** to not use the config files as is but take inspiration from & configure your own workflow.

For those of you who work from on Windows machine through some Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) instance, you should checkout my [dotfiles-windows](https://github.com/Jarmos-san/dotfiles-windows) repository. That repository contains more information on how to setup a Linux development environment on Windows 10 (and Windows 11 when it's available publicly).

## How to Use This Project

TODO: Detail steps to use the configurations

## Acknowledgements

The configurations I used are heavily inspired from other giants of the community. Following are some of the repositories I keep an eye out for inspiration.

- Salomon Popp's [disrupted/dotfiles](https://github.com/disrupted/dotfiles)
- Mathias Bynen's [mathiasbynens/dotfiles](https://github.com/mathiasbynens/dotfiles)

More will be added as & when I come across any.

## Support the Project

[![ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/jarmos)

If you found any of the dotfiles here helpful for your requirements in any way, consider supporting the project. And here's how you can do so:

- Contribute to documenting the project. That way you can ensure my personal dotfiles are accessible to everyone in the community. And you can help out someone who's facing issues configuring their software as well.
- Found some discrepancies here & there? Feel free to send a PR but do read the [contributing guidelines](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) thoroughly.
- Send a [token of appreciation](https://ko-fi.com/jarmos) or a [thank you message](https://saythanks.io/to/somraj.1994) stating how my project & resources helped you out.

## Terms & Conditions of Usage

Everything in this repository is licensed under the T&Cs of FOSS license. More specifically, the project is licensed under the T&Cs of GPL-3.0, so for more info on it, refer to the [LICENSE](./LICENSE). So feel free to copy & distribute any of the configurations I shared in this repository.
